My sister and I purchased these for our dad's birthday, and he was THRILLED. He couldn't stop talking about how lightweight and comfortable they were. He has always been hard to shop for, so we were delighted that this birthday gift was such a huge success.

These shoes are so comfortable and I stand on my feet all day long and I don't have any back pain. Plus they look fantastic and I get compliments all the time.

This shoe is replacing the exact same shoe purchased 6 months ago, but black as opposed to gray. The other shoe was getting worn out, -the shoe I wear the most, -every day. Not a quality problem with the old shoe, I just wore the heck out of them. I finally realized that if I buy black, they'll look better, -longer. I have nerve damage in my lower half. These shoes do the best job of making my standing, walking, etc. the most comfortable.

Been using to start my running routine. The shoe feels great. It feels like I am running on air. Amazing!

Had a knee replacement surgery and these shoes have helped me during my recovery. Most comfortable walking shoe I ever have had.

I ordered these for my husband for a gift. I've had a pair for over a year and he knows how much I love them. They fit him well, and comments all the time how comfortable they are!

I walk an average of 30 miles per week and am approaching 5,000 miles since I started. Cannot beat these for for fit, comfort, style and wearability

Very comfortable shoes. These shoes really help my knees and hips. I walk all day long at work and these shoes absorb shock very well.

My podiatrist recommended Hoka. Best recommendation! They are comfortable, good quality, wear well & can be washed. My family agree as they are Hoka wearers also.

When i first tried these shoes on I said i'm going to have to return them because of a wrinkle on the surface of shoe below the end of the llacing but after wearing them for while the thought came to me maybe i have to pull the tongue more . So i did that it was not a 100% but in the high 90s so i decided to keep them because the comfortable and looks were great So that's my story

Hoka shoes works best for me. The lite weight, the support for the sole and the bright colors they offer!

I bought this shoe specifically for running and walking. After putting on the shoe I was surprised at the reasonable accuracy of the "size forecasting" from the online sizing assistants I used before ordering my "reg.Clifton 9" shoes. Nice! I followed the recommendations and viola: on point! My regular shoe size is a men's 12, but I ordered a 12.5 as suggested. They're light, comfortably snug, and stylish. The only thing that I had a concern about was that they seem to feel like the shoe is slightly "sinking" at the outer side of my heal. Other than that I look forward to getting the full usage out of these Clifton 9's.

Really confortable shoes love the way it fit and the cushion!!!

Most comfortable shoe I've worn, it really helps with my neuropathy

As a beginner for running activity, finding the perfect pair of shoes that offer both comfort and performance has always been a challenge. However, I choose HOKA Clifton and it has completely transformed my runs. What really stands out is the shoe's cushioning. Clifton offers a perfect balance of softness and responsiveness, making every stride feel effortless. I have noticed a significant reduction in impact on my joints, which is especially important for long-distance running. If you are looking for a running shoe that combines comfort, support, and durability, the HOKA Clifton is a fantastic choice

The HOKA shoe I purchased is the best shoe I have ever owned. Very comfortable, they fit nicely, and feels like you're walking on clouds

I have three pairs of Clifton 9s and just bought a pair for a family member. They are the best all round activity shoes; although I predominantly run in them, I also use them for gym workouts, stair climbing and Zumba classes. I really appreciate the color selection. My orthotics fit in them perfectly. I plan to just keep on buying them.

This is the first pair of HOKA's for me. Might be the most comfortable shoes I've owned. Right out the box they fit me perfectly. No break in required. Colors are great, and get a lot of compliments! Would definitely recommend.

Although nearing the end of the Clifton 9 cycle, it remains an extremely comfortable shoe for runs and walking the dog. I really love the ease of entry and taking of the shoe.

These shoes are definitely for those people that are on their feet for hours in a day ,very comfortable and a lot of support for your feet when your constantly on them , I'd buy another pair for sure!!!

Perfect combination of performance and cushioning for me as an older athlete for those long training runs.

I trust Hoka so much that I pulled these from the box, did 1 short run during the week and went straight into a marathon that weekend with them. They performed as I hoped... comfort! I'm a speedgoat fan and trail run mostly but with the road marathon, I went for these and they did great. Orange is my favorite color and it was on sale too!

I've been walking around Japan for nearly 3 weeks now and they support my weight (100kg) and are really comfortable. I seem to have more stability too. I would recommend to anyone travelling and doing a lot of walking.

I'm a first responder, and medical worker. This is by far the most comfortable shoes to wear at the end of my shift or beginning. It's such a relief to go from boots for 12+ hours to walking on what feels like pillows. I will definitely be buying more.

Great fit and really comfortable. Glad I switched from Altra to Hoka.

this is the first pair of Hoka shoes that I have owned. I've used them for two weeks now. I fast walk 4 miles a day seven days a week. I am very pleased with the comfort, stability, fit, and support. This may very well be my new shoe !!!

2nd pair of Clifton 9's. Most comfortable and stylish. Has helped tremendously with my plantar fasciitis.

I use this shoe as my everyday go to work, travel and walk around. It's comfortable and holds up better than other brands.

This shoe feels great is snug fit but comfortable, I should have placed the order a half size larger than what my Brooks run even though the website said its the same sizing. its not a deal killer on the size but all the walking I do at work the toes get a bit tight 3/4 the way through the day. All in all great shoe and will buy again

Very comfortable! I've become a Hoka fanatic. They are great for my everyday needs . At work I'm on my feet a lot and I walk for exercise. They are also great for theme parks. Just a perfect shoe for me!

I wear this to work and it is so comfortable all the time.

Great cushion and lots of room in the toe box. Overall this is a great shoe

True to fit, comfortable, no break in needed.

Very comfortable and excellent for miles of walking. Newest pair is a darker look than my first which my wife says is more versatile. I use an orthotic insert for custom arch support and to keep plantar fasciitis at bay.

After ordering a pair, I was amazed by the immediate comfort—they feel like walking on clouds, and the arch and heel support is perfect. I love the upgrades from the 8th version, and after trying one pair, I bought another in the wide version. These shoes are fantastic for daily wear or easy runs.

Work standing all day and for first time my feet didn't hurt at end of day. Very comfortable shoes

I love my new Clifton 9 shoes. Super comfortable and supportive. Hoka's are the best brand I've ever used. I would never go back to any other brand.

Absolutely love this shoe and I have received many compliments on their appearance.

The best street running shoe and very comfortable for walking. My only problem is the color on the sides, above the white at the bottom, peels away over time, exposing white underneath. Perhaps this is from street running over time and possibly contacting something abrasive like sticks or gravel. Not sure. I've been running in them about three to four months. Still, I just bought another pair in a different color for walking and everyday wear because they are so comfortable. I previously had a pair of Bondi 8s, but they were too cushiony and made a type of crinkling sound when running or walking after a few uses. Clifton's don't have that issue.

These Hoka's were nearly the perfect fit for me as the support is perfect, but I wear an X-Wide and unfortunately the widest size could not accommodate. I would highly recommend trying on the shoe in person if possible, and would give this a fairly strong recommendation, although my own experience as someone with a wide foot wasn't a perfect match.

I wear these shoes at work and I'm on my feet all day and the comfort is like no other. The only thing I dislike about the shoes is after wearing them for about two months. One of the shoes started to squeak rather loudly therefore I had to turn the shoes into House shoes to avoid embarrassment. Lol.

Really liked my first few runs. They feel light on the feet, breathable, and grounded. I am a larger runner (5'11" 235 lbs) so my only complaint is that the cushion has wore out fast. I will do good to get 100 miles out of these. Also, shame on me for not ordering a wide. I love how they look and will hit some 5k/10k's in these.

The Clifton has become my every day shoe. Whether I'm going for a walk, training in the gym, running on the trail, the Clifton is what I'm taking. Very comfortable shoe and the Clifton 9's now look to be the best looking HOKA in my opinion. Highly recommend everyone give them a try at least once with their return policy being so generous.

Couldn't wait for the 9's to come out! Went for a short first run last night. Seems everything that was an issue with the 8's was addressed. Felt like the fit across the top of the shoe was way more locked down. Heel slip from before is gone now. Great foam update with a much better meta rocker position to ease the push off. The roll forward is extremely smooth. This will be a great up-tempo option to add to my long slow runs in my Bondi's. Felt slightly narrow but I assume over a week of mileage they will settle in nicely.

My favorite Clifton yet! Extra stack height is just right, especially for the long runs. Colors are nice, light weight, nice job Hoka! Two thumbs way up!!

They were really telling the truth when the made the shoe lighter and have more cushion. The midsole is DEFINITELY more responsive. This feels like a bit of an iteration back to the lively action of the earlier models–which many fell in love with. I am really happy with the 9.... BIG improvement.

The Clifton 9 feels better than the 8. I feel the shoe maintained the consistency of the fit. The tongue is improved and does not fold in. The back of shoe design maintains the fabric to help and support the placing your foot inside the shoe. Ran 10 miles in them yesterday and was like running without effort.

I'm new to the Hola brand, as these are my second pair. Hola makes great shoes super comfortable very supportive and nice and light. I'm a believer in the brand.

Fitting was perfect, lighter weight, soft but responsive sole. Would buy another pair!

Hoka Clifton continues to my go to daily trainer. The Clifton 9 has a smooth ride and feels like a comfortable glove on my feet. The additional stack height makes it even better longer runs.

The CLIFTON 9 is by far one of the best. I love this shoe. comfort, stability and lightweight. Great looking and quality construction. Run, walk or daily shoe it is perfect!

great colors great comfort athletic shoe for wide foot

These shoes are the most comfortable running shoe I have ever owned, so happy I purchased them!

Bought 4 pairs of Hoka shoes because they have wide sizes, a large toe area, are very lightweight, comfortable, and colorful! I'm very pleased with all of them!

I use these for walking. They felt a bit weird at first, but I got used to them quickly, and I love them now. They have enough support to keep me comfortable all day without pain or discomfort.

I have VERY sensitive feet. These broke in within the first run and are just so incredibly comfortable. It's strange to say but they fit so well that you don't feel them. Easily the best shoe I've ever ran in. I am also a long distance runner for reference.

I have a broken neck and lower back pain. These shoes are perfect and make it feel like you are walking on a cloud. They provide excellent support and make my lower back pain and feet very comfortable.

More cushion than the 8s. Comfy and nice for training

Super lightweight and forms to my feet, as a habitual lean my feet to the side I feel these will last long. As someone with spinal issues I love how the sole takes all the impact.

I have been with Hoka since the Clifton 7. I've logged over one thousand miles in each Clifton 7 and 8. Now, by comparison, the 8 outshines them both. It's an amazingly comfortable and smooth shoe.

Great comfort and sixe was perfect. No problems with anything as far as this shoe is concerned!

Love the Clifton 9.. very durable shoe compared to the 8 and 7.. this shoes will get you lots of happy miles

This was my first pair of HOKAS. I am so glad I followed the recommendation The support and comfort are unparalleled in any of the other six brands in my closet.

Bought these right before going on vacation where I knew I'd be doing lots of walking. The fit great, and provide an excellent base for my feet and legs. A pleasure to wear, I don't want to take them off!

I like the clifton 9 much more than the clifton 8. They are less narrow, feel really comfortable running, and look great.

Comfiest shoes I've ever owned in my life. Just walk changing. Feet bliss. I regret the years I held out thinking that the shoes were too expensive. Because these are worth it. I'm surprised I'm saying that, but they are. I'll keep buying these.

After years of wearing Brooks Ghost, thought I'd give Hoka Clifton 9 a try. Took a few days to get used to them… more cushion/higher arch/more toe room. Now I wear them every day. Very comfortable and light. Great running and walking shoes. Most times I don't even know I have them on

I like the Clifton 9 better than the Clifton 8 for a couple of reasons: first, they are wider on the top and don't constrict me like the Clifton 8; second, they seem to have a bit more cushion in the forefoot and maybe the heel. In any case, they feel better on my feet than the Clifton 8. There are only 2 negatives. The big HOKA name seems a bit tacky to me. And the weird half-gusseted tongue had me scratching my head.

It is a great looking, great fitting, comfortable shoe that meets everything I wanted in a shoe, plus a little stature boost.

Best shoe I have ever owned. Treadmill and outdoor running as well as walking. Super comfortable and stable. Outstanding.

This shoe brings the best of the Bondi world and infuses into into the Clifton mold and shape. I love that there is more cushioned support than in the Clifton 8, but the familiar form and function of the Clifton line remains fully in tact, propelling me forward with every step.

Bought these for my son. He is a runner. He likes how light and comfortable they are

Very cushioned and comfortable when running. Feel more bouncy than the Clifton 8 and also have more space in the toe box compared to the 8. I wore a 9.5 in the 8' but probably could have gone up to a 10. In the Clifton 9's the upper and toe box is generous enough where the 9.5 fits perfect and 10 was too large when I tried them on. Overall I really enjoy running in these!

It is my indoor, wear all day long shoe. I have had issues with plantar fasciitis since failed back surgery 15 years ago that requires that I stand most of the day. I was directed to your shoes for their cushion and comfort. And... these shoes are the BEST ever! I can hardly wait to slip my feet into my HOKAs in the morning.

These are the most comfortable shoes I own (and that's saying something.) My feet are long, narrow and one foot is a good bit larger than the other. I am constantly irritated with most shoes being uncomfortable in some manner. Not these. I forget I have shoes on. They are terrific. I just bought a pair of sandals and am hoping for the same result!

This is my regular running shoe and it has replaced my old pair of Hoka Clifton 8's. I like the style/look better but it's hard to tell if it's a vast improvement over the 8's. The good news is that it's definitely not a downgrade and the 8's were already what I want to run in. So it will just come down to price: if you can find these 9's on sale, they're definitely worth buying if you already like the 8's.

I needed walking shoes and ordered Clifton 9. The overall design and colors are great, and comfort is amazing! The heel tab is a bit too pointy and sticks from under long pants, so it's not really a work shoe, but works well as a running shoe or walking shoe with shorts. I was considering a return due to this shortcoming, but decided to still keep (and order different walking shoes). Overall a great shoe.

Wonderful walking shoes that are both comfortable and stylish at the same time. Gave it a 4 star rating only because it is a little narrow in the toe box for me.

Great sneakers, comfortable, and I love the color. Only problem w/ Hoka is that regular width is too narrow, but the wide ones are too wide and look clunky.

I have only worn Hoka's for the past several years. I prefer the Clinton and the Hoka. I only wish that the had a better insole. The standard insole is basically worthless. As a result, I have complimented the shoe by removing the provided insole, and replacing it with Orange Insole. It is a GAME CHANGER.

I've had several pair of the HOKA "Bondi" shoes but started having issues with the fit so I switched to the Clifton 9. They are lighter-weight and comfortable, but not as supportive as the Bondi 7. After a 4 mile walk, I had to take them off and switch to recovery sandals to rest my aching feet. Last time I've worn them, sadly - they don't work for hikes (at least for me) but may be ok for gym work and other 'short-time' use.

I PRIMARILY USE THEM FOR WALKING. THE FIT AND CUSHIONING ARE THE BEST QUALITIES OF THIS SHOE.

The shoe is very comfortable for walking and running. It also looked really good in person, the colors are a bit more muted than online. My pair came with a stain on them but it was too much of a hassle to exchange so i just kept them.

Very comfortable and light. Not sure what I was expecting but very satisfied with my purchase.

I'm not a runner so these are for everyday wear. Shoes are light and very comfortable and should be comfortable all day. I did have to exchange them for the wide version. I've never had to get wide shoes before so if you are unsure go in for a measurement. The exchange was simple and quick so I complaints.

I'll say this. I stand in the hospital all day, and these things are comfortable. And that's probably enough. It's just "a lot of shoe". They almost feel like clown shoes, the base is set so wide. So it's not a shoe that I would wear in everyday life, but it's absolutely comfortable.

I absolutely love these shoes, they're great for when I'm working 12hr shifts on my feet. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who has to be on their feet all day, they're definitely worth the investment. My only criticism is that I wish it had more arch support, i have flat feet so sometimes the arch of my feet will hurt wearing these. I also like how I was able to buy mens shoes because the womens shoes don't have my size.

This is my second pair of HOKAs and I like this one, Clifton 9, a little more than the last pair. The last pair wasn't bad but this one is more streamlined and a little lighter.

When I got my shoes, I was so excited! When I put them on it felt as though I was walking on foam . They are very comfortable. I have never spent that much money on a pair of shoes but so far I'm happy !

These shoes are so comfortable, for walking, running or exercising. About to buy another pair. Love these shoes!!!

Great fit, comfortable and snug.

I love the Clifton 9! It's my first pair of Hokas. As I'm recovering from tendonitis in my ankle area, I find the base quite supportive and not too cushy. It's also roomy enough to comfortably fit my orthotics. I wear a women's 10 wide and selected the mens 9 regular to take advantage of the fit and color selection. The structure of the padded collar is a bonus!

I have many HOKA shoes in a variety of styles. I always buy a size 7, for some reason this shoe is slightly bigger. I should have got a 6.5. However these shoes are comfortable and bright!

These are the lightest shoes I've ever owned. They are well built comfortable and look good. The strange thing about them are the heels. When I stand the back of the heels compress in and I sort of fall back. Strange. Other then that they are great

Very comfortable shoe. I wish the shoe looked more stylish, and was a bit more stable.

These are great stable shoes, but they don't match the quality of my first pair of Clifton 8s. They feel a bit more firm on long runs than what id prefer. I have an extremely wide foot and these didn't quite fit the mold for what I want in a shoe. The mach 5s are excellent for someone with a wide foot they are also have a bit more cushion. This is a great shoe but not my favorite.

comfortable shoes, love the gray and black design. Only issue is on wet surfaces these shoes have little to no grip. Simply walking on a wet sidewalk I slipped. .

Very comfortable with great support! I tell you it takes impact of walking or running yet runs large. Plenty of toe room and on the wide side so if your foot is narrow this may not be the shoe for you. I'd recommend ordering a half size smaller than you normally would for a great fit.

Had a pair of Clifton 8s. Loved them. These are firmer and have a narrower feel. This did take several weeks to break in while the 8s took virtually not time at all. I'm noticing the inside of the shoe rubs up against the top of my feet and my heel. Love the color though and stability.

Shoe are comfortable with good cushioning for road running and yet have a firmness.

This is my first pair of hocus. I really love the comfort and style. Not too happy about the large tab at the top of the heel but it does make it easier to slip the shoes on. I will definitely purchase another pair in the future. I wish they kept a larger inventory in the other styles in a wide fit.
